c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\sheduler.exe.config
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\sheduler.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\sheduler_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\sheduler.exe
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\sheduler.pdb
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.dll
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.dll
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.dll
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.dll
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.pdb
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.pdb
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.pdb
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.pdb
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.xml
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.pdb
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.xml
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.pdb
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.xml
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\sheduler.g.resources
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\sheduler.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\sheduler.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\sheduler.exe
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\sheduler.pdb
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\View\App.g.cs
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\View\ShedulerView.baml
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\View\ShedulerView.g.cs
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\sheduler_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\ShedulerDB.mdf
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\ShedulerDB_log.ldf
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\LibraryForDB.dll
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\LibraryForDB.pdb
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\slava\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\sheduler.exe.config
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\sheduler.exe
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\sheduler.pdb
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\ShedulerDB.mdf
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\ShedulerDB_log.ldf
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\sheduler.exe
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\sheduler.pdb
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\LibraryForDB.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\LibraryForDB.pdb
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.pdb
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.pdb
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.pdb
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.pdb
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\Sheduler.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\sheduler_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\sheduler_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\sheduler.g.resources
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\Sheduler.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\Sheduler.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\ShedulerView.g.cs
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Olga\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\sheduler\sheduler\obj\Debug\ShedulerView.baml
